{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440
\viewkind4\uc1

\pard\qc\b\fs32 INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR SERVICES AGREEMENT\b0\fs24\par
\par
\pard\qc\fs22 Agreement Reference: SA-2024-001\par
Effective Date: _______________________\par
\par
\pard\qc ____________________________________________________________________________________\par
\par

\pard\ql\b\fs28 PARTIES\b0\fs24\par
\par

\pard\ql\b\fs24 THE COMPANY\b0\par
\par
\pard\ql\fs22
Company Name:\tab\tab\tab ________________________________________________\par
SIRET / Registration No.:\tab\tab ________________________________________________\par
Registered Address:\tab\tab ________________________________________________\par
Country of Incorporation:\tab\tab ________________________________________________\par
Represented By:\tab\tab\tab ________________________________________________\par
Position:\tab\tab\tab\tab ________________________________________________\par
Email:\tab\tab\tab\tab ________________________________________________\par
\par
Hereinafter referred to as \b "the Company"\b0  or \b "Client"\b0\par
\par

\pard\ql\b\fs24 THE CONTRACTOR\b0\par
\par
\pard\ql\fs22
Full Name:\tab\tab\tab\tab Tom\'e1s Maria Burnay Batalha\par
Portuguese NIF:\tab\tab\tab ________________________________________________\par
Address:\tab\tab\tab\tab ________________________________________________\par
Country of Tax Residence:\tab\tab Portugal\par
Email:\tab\tab\tab\tab ________________________________________________\par
Phone:\tab\tab\tab\tab ________________________________________________\par
\par
Hereinafter referred to as \b "the Contractor"\b0  or \b "Service Provider"\b0\par
\par
\pard\qc ____________________________________________________________________________________\par
\par

\pard\ql\b\fs28 RECITALS\b0\fs24\par
\par
\pard\ql\fs22\b WHEREAS:\b0\par
\par
\pard\li720\ql\fs22
A.\tab The Company operates a healthtech business and seeks to expand its commercial operations through improved go-to-market capabilities;\par
\par
B.\tab The Contractor is an independent professional with expertise in commercial strategy, software development, and growth operations;\par
\par
C.\tab The Contractor operates as a self-employed professional (trabalhador independente) under Portuguese law and issues invoices via the Portuguese Tax Authority's Recibos Verdes system;\par
\par
D.\tab Both parties wish to establish a clear framework for the provision of services, compensation, and mutual obligations;\par
\par
\pard\ql\fs22\b NOW, THEREFORE,\b0  the parties agree as follows:\par
\par
\pard\qc ____________________________________________________________________________________\par
\par

\pard\ql\b\fs28 ARTICLE 1: NATURE OF RELATIONSHIP\b0\fs24\par
\par
\pard\ql\fs22\b 1.1 Independent Contractor Status.\b0  The Contractor is engaged as an independent contractor (prestataire de services / prestador de servi\'e7os) and not as an employee. There is no relationship of subordination (lien de subordination) between the parties.\par
\par
\b 1.2 No Employment Relationship.\b0  This Agreement does not create an employment contract (contrat de travail / contrato de trabalho). The Contractor:\par
\pard\li720\ql\fs22
\'95\tab Determines their own working hours and methods\par
\'95\tab Provides their own equipment and workspace\par
\'95\tab Is responsible for their own taxes, social security, and insurance\par
\'95\tab May provide services to other clients\par
\pard\ql\fs22\par
\b 1.3 EU Services Freedom.\b0  This Agreement is entered into under the freedom to provide services within the European Union, in accordance with Articles 56-62 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union (TFEU).\par
\par

\pard\ql\b\fs28 ARTICLE 2: SCOPE OF SERVICES\b0\fs24\par
\par
\pard\ql\fs22\b 2.1 Primary Services.\b0  The Contractor agrees to provide the following services:\par
\par
\pard\li720\ql\fs22\b A) GTM System Development\b0\par
\pard\li1080\ql\fs22
\'95\tab Custom Go-To-Market web application\par
\'95\tab AI-personalized bulk email campaign functionality\par
\'95\tab Lead import and management system\par
\'95\tab Sales pipeline visualization dashboard\par
\'95\tab Email open/click tracking and analytics\par
\'95\tab Campaign scheduling and management interface\par
\pard\li720\ql\fs22\par
\b B) Commercial Growth Services\b0\par
\pard\li1080\ql\fs22
\'95\tab Outbound lead generation and prospecting\par
\'95\tab Sales campaign design and execution\par
\'95\tab Pipeline management and optimization\par
\'95\tab Performance reporting\par
\pard\ql\fs22\par
\b 2.2 Minimum Viable Product (MVP).\b0  The GTM system MVP shall include the core features listed in 2.1(A) in functional, deployable form suitable for business operations.\par
\par
\b 2.3 Time Commitment.\b0  The Contractor commits to approximately fifteen to twenty (15-20) hours per week during the term of this Agreement.\par
\par
\b 2.4 Exclusions.\b0  Unless separately agreed in writing, Services do not include: hardware procurement, third-party software licenses, legal or accounting advice, or in-person attendance at Company premises.\par
\par

\pard\ql\b\fs28 ARTICLE 3: COMPENSATION\b0\fs24\par
\par
\pard\ql\fs22\b 3.1 Advance Payment.\b0  Upon signing this Agreement, the Company shall pay:\par
\par
\pard\li720\ql\fs22
Signing Advance:\tab\tab\tab \'80 _____________\par
Tool & Infrastructure Budget:\tab\tab \'80 150.00\par
\b Total Upfront Payment:\tab\tab \'80 _____________\b0\par
\pard\ql\fs22\par
\b 3.2 Work Equivalent.\b0  The Signing Advance represents pre-payment for approximately sixty (60) hours of work at an effective rate of \'80_____________ per hour.\par
\par
\b 3.3 Monthly Compensation.\b0  Following the advance period:\par
\par
\pard\li720\ql\fs22
Monthly Retainer:\tab\tab\tab \'80 _____________ /month\par
Commission on Closed Deals:\tab\tab _______% of net deal value\par
\pard\ql\fs22\par
\b 3.4 Payment Terms.\b0\par
\pard\li720\ql\fs22
\'95\tab \b Advance:\b0  Due within three (3) business days of signing\par
\'95\tab \b Monthly Retainer:\b0  Due on the 1st of each calendar month\par
\'95\tab \b Commission:\b0  Due within fifteen (15) days of Company receiving deal payment\par
\pard\ql\fs22\par
\b 3.5 Running Costs.\b0  The Company shall reimburse ongoing operational costs for the GTM system, estimated at \'8050/month, covering hosting, email infrastructure, and AI API usage.\par
\par
\b 3.6 Payment Method.\b0  All payments shall be made via bank transfer to the Contractor's Portuguese bank account:\par
\par
\pard\li720\ql\fs22
Account Holder:\tab\tab\tab Tom\'e1s Maria Burnay Batalha\par
IBAN:\tab\tab\tab\tab ________________________________________________\par
BIC/SWIFT:\tab\tab\tab ________________________________________________\par
Bank Name:\tab\tab\tab ________________________________________________\par
\pard\ql\fs22\par

\pard\ql\b\fs28 ARTICLE 4: INVOICING AND TAX COMPLIANCE\b0\fs24\par
\par
\pard\ql\fs22\b 4.1 Invoicing.\b0  The Contractor shall issue invoices (Fatura-Recibo) via the Portuguese Tax Authority portal (Portal das Finan\'e7as) for all amounts due.\par
\par
\b 4.2 Invoice Requirements.\b0  Each invoice shall include:\par
\pard\li720\ql\fs22
\'95\tab Contractor's name, address, and Portuguese NIF\par
\'95\tab Company's name, address, and SIRET/registration number\par
\'95\tab Description of services rendered\par
\'95\tab Amount in EUR\par
\'95\tab VAT notation as per Article 4.3\par
\pard\ql\fs22\par
\b 4.3 VAT Treatment.\b0  As an intra-EU B2B service:\par
\pard\li720\ql\fs22
\'95\tab If Contractor is VAT-exempt (regime de isen\'e7\'e3o): Invoice states \i "IVA \'96 regime de isen\'e7\'e3o, artigo 53.\'ba do CIVA"\i0\par
\'95\tab If reverse charge applies: Invoice states \i "IVA \'96 autoliquida\'e7\'e3o / Reverse charge \'96 Article 196, EU VAT Directive 2006/112/EC"\i0\par
\pard\ql\fs22\par
\b 4.4 Tax Responsibility.\b0  The Contractor is solely responsible for:\par
\pard\li720\ql\fs22
\'95\tab Portuguese income tax (IRS) obligations\par
\'95\tab Portuguese social security (Seguran\'e7a Social) contributions\par
\'95\tab Any applicable VAT obligations\par
\pard\ql\fs22\par
\b 4.5 No Withholding.\b0  The Company shall pay gross amounts without withholding, as no withholding tax applies to EU cross-border B2B services between Portugal and France.\par
\par

\pard\ql\b\fs28 ARTICLE 5: DELIVERABLES AND TIMELINE\b0\fs24\par
\par
\pard\ql\fs22\b 5.1 MVP Delivery Deadline.\b0  The Contractor shall deliver a functional GTM System MVP within six (6) weeks of receiving the Advance Payment.\par
\par
\pard\li720\ql\fs22
Advance Payment Received:\tab\tab _______________________ (Date)\par
MVP Deadline:\tab\tab\tab _______________________ (Date)\par
\pard\ql\fs22\par
\b 5.2 Progress Reporting.\b0  The Contractor shall provide weekly written updates including:\par
\pard\li720\ql\fs22
\'95\tab Hours worked during the period\par
\'95\tab Tasks completed\par
\'95\tab Tasks planned for the following week\par
\'95\tab Blockers, risks, or concerns\par
\pard\ql\fs22\par
\b 5.3 Acceptance Process.\b0  The Company shall have seven (7) calendar days following MVP delivery to:\par
\pard\li720\ql\fs22
\'95\tab Review the deliverables\par
\'95\tab Request reasonable modifications\par
\'95\tab Provide written acceptance or objections\par
\pard\ql\fs22\par
If no written response is received within seven (7) days, the MVP shall be deemed accepted.\par
\par

\pard\ql\b\fs28 ARTICLE 6: ADVANCE REFUND CONDITIONS\b0\fs24\par
\par
\pard\ql\fs22\b 6.1 Refund Triggers (Contractor Responsibility).\b0  The Contractor shall refund a proportionate amount of the Advance if:\par
\par
\pard\li720\ql\fs22
(a)\tab Contractor ceases communication for fourteen (14) or more consecutive days without valid reason;\par
(b)\tab Contractor explicitly terminates before MVP delivery without mutual consent;\par
(c)\tab Contractor fails to deliver MVP by deadline (excluding Company-caused delays).\par
\pard\ql\fs22\par
\b 6.2 Refund Calculation.\b0\par
\par
\pard\qc\fs22\i Refund Amount = Advance Payment \'96 (Hours Worked \'d7 Hourly Rate)\i0\par
\pard\ql\fs22\par
Hours Worked shall be determined by the weekly progress reports under Article 5.2.\par
\par
\b 6.3 No Refund Conditions.\b0  The Contractor retains the full Advance with no refund obligation if:\par
\par
\pard\li720\ql\fs22
(a)\tab MVP is delivered as specified;\par
(b)\tab Company terminates for reasons other than Contractor's material breach;\par
(c)\tab Company fails to respond for fourteen (14) or more consecutive days;\par
(d)\tab Company materially changes scope without written agreement;\par
(e)\tab Mutual agreement to end after equivalent hours worked;\par
(f)\tab Force majeure, illness, or emergency (with prompt communication).\par
\pard\ql\fs22\par
\b 6.4 Refund Timeline.\b0  Any refund due shall be paid within thirty (30) calendar days of the triggering event.\par
\par

\pard\ql\b\fs28 ARTICLE 7: INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY\b0\fs24\par
\par
\pard\ql\fs22\b 7.1 Assignment.\b0  Upon full payment of all compensation due under this Agreement, all intellectual property rights in the GTM system and deliverables created under this Agreement shall transfer to the Company.\par
\par
\b 7.2 Pre-Existing IP.\b0  The Contractor retains all rights to pre-existing tools, frameworks, libraries, and methodologies. The Company receives a perpetual, non-exclusive license to use any pre-existing IP incorporated in the deliverables.\par
\par
\b 7.3 Interim License.\b0  Until full payment is received, the Company receives a limited, revocable license to use the deliverables for internal business purposes only.\par
\par

\pard\ql\b\fs28 ARTICLE 8: CONFIDENTIALITY\b0\fs24\par
\par
\pard\ql\fs22\b 8.1 Confidential Information.\b0  Both parties agree to maintain the confidentiality of proprietary information disclosed during the engagement, including: business strategies, customer data, technical specifications, pricing, and financial information.\par
\par
\b 8.2 Duration.\b0  Confidentiality obligations survive termination for two (2) years.\par
\par
\b 8.3 Permitted Disclosures.\b0  Confidentiality obligations do not apply to information that:\par
\pard\li720\ql\fs22
(a)\tab Becomes publicly available through no fault of the receiving party;\par
(b)\tab Was already known to the receiving party prior to disclosure;\par
(c)\tab Is independently developed by the receiving party;\par
(d)\tab Is required to be disclosed by law or court order.\par
\pard\ql\fs22\par

\pard\ql\b\fs28 ARTICLE 9: GOOD FAITH AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION\b0\fs24\par
\par
\pard\ql\fs22\b 9.1 Good Faith.\b0  Both parties commit to acting in good faith and communicating openly about any concerns or issues.\par
\par
\b 9.2 Notice Before Breach Claim.\b0  Neither party may claim material breach without first providing seven (7) days written notice specifying:\par
\pard\li720\ql\fs22
\'95\tab The alleged breach\par
\'95\tab The remedy requested\par
\'95\tab A reasonable opportunity to cure\par
\pard\ql\fs22\par
\b 9.3 Escalation Process.\b0\par
\pard\li720\ql\fs22
Step 1: Direct Discussion\tab\tab 14 days \'96 Parties attempt to resolve directly\par
Step 2: Mediation\tab\tab\tab 30 days \'96 Neutral third-party mediation\par
Step 3: Legal Action\tab\tab\tab If mediation fails \'96 Court proceedings\par
\pard\ql\fs22\par
\b 9.4 Jurisdiction.\b0  Any legal proceedings shall be brought before the courts of:\par
\par
\pard\li720\ql\fs22
\uc0\u9744  Paris, France\par
\uc0\u9744  Lisbon, Portugal\par
\uc0\u9744  Other: _________________________________\par
\pard\ql\fs22\par
\i (Tick one by mutual agreement)\i0\par
\par

\pard\ql\b\fs28 ARTICLE 10: TERM AND TERMINATION\b0\fs24\par
\par
\pard\ql\fs22\b 10.1 Initial Term.\b0  This Agreement begins on the Effective Date and continues for three (3) months.\par
\par
\b 10.2 Renewal.\b0  After the initial term, this Agreement renews month-to-month unless either party provides fourteen (14) days written notice of non-renewal.\par
\par
\b 10.3 Termination for Convenience.\b0  Either party may terminate with fourteen (14) days written notice, subject to the refund provisions in Article 6.\par
\par
\b 10.4 Termination for Cause.\b0  Either party may terminate immediately upon material breach, following the notice procedure in Article 9.2.\par
\par
\b 10.5 Effect of Termination.\b0  Upon termination:\par
\pard\li720\ql\fs22
\'95\tab All unpaid amounts become immediately due\par
\'95\tab Confidentiality obligations continue per Article 8.2\par
\'95\tab IP provisions apply per Article 7\par
\pard\ql\fs22\par

\pard\ql\b\fs28 ARTICLE 11: GENERAL PROVISIONS\b0\fs24\par
\par
\pard\ql\fs22\b 11.1 Language.\b0  This Agreement is drafted in English by mutual consent of the parties.\par
\par
\b 11.2 Governing Law.\b0  This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with:\par
\par
\pard\li720\ql\fs22
\uc0\u9744  French law (droit fran\'e7ais)\par
\uc0\u9744  Portuguese law (lei portuguesa)\par
\uc0\u9744  Other: _________________________________\par
\pard\ql\fs22\par
\i (Tick one by mutual agreement)\i0\par
\par
\b 11.3 Entire Agreement.\b0  This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties and supersedes all prior negotiations, representations, and agreements.\par
\par
\b 11.4 Amendments.\b0  Any amendments must be in writing and signed by both parties.\par
\par
\b 11.5 Severability.\b0  If any provision is found unenforceable, the remaining provisions continue in full effect.\par
\par
\b 11.6 Notices.\b0  All notices shall be in writing and sent via email to the addresses specified in the Parties section, with read receipt requested.\par
\par
\b 11.7 Counterparts.\b0  This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, including electronic signatures, each of which shall constitute an original.\par
\par
\pard\qc ____________________________________________________________________________________\par
\par

\pard\ql\b\fs28 SIGNATURES\b0\fs24\par
\par
\pard\ql\fs22 By signing below, both parties confirm they have read, understood, and agree to be bound by the terms of this Agreement.\par
\par

\pard\ql\b\fs24 THE COMPANY\b0\par
\par
\pard\ql\fs22
Signature:\tab\tab ________________________________________________\par
\par
Printed Name:\tab\tab ________________________________________________\par
\par
Title:\tab\tab\tab ________________________________________________\par
\par
Date:\tab\tab\tab ________________________________________________\par
\par
Place:\tab\tab\tab ________________________________________________\par
\par
\par

\pard\ql\b\fs24 THE CONTRACTOR\b0\par
\par
\pard\ql\fs22
Signature:\tab\tab ________________________________________________\par
\par
Printed Name:\tab\tab Tom\'e1s Maria Burnay Batalha\par
\par
Date:\tab\tab\tab ________________________________________________\par
\par
Place:\tab\tab\tab Portugal\par
\par
\pard\qc ____________________________________________________________________________________\par
\par

\pard\qc\b\fs28 EXHIBIT A: PAYMENT SCHEDULE\b0\fs24\par
\par
\pard\ql\fs22
\trowd\cellx3000\cellx5500\cellx8000\cellx9500
\intbl\b Payment\cell Amount (EUR)\cell Due Date\cell Status\cell\b0\row
\intbl Signing Advance\cell \'80 _________\cell Upon signing\cell \uc0\u9744  Paid\cell\row
\intbl Tool Budget\cell \'80 150.00\cell Upon signing\cell \uc0\u9744  Paid\cell\row
\intbl Month 1 Retainer\cell \'80 _________\cell _____________\cell \uc0\u9744  Paid\cell\row
\intbl Month 2 Retainer\cell \'80 _________\cell _____________\cell \uc0\u9744  Paid\cell\row
\intbl Month 3 Retainer\cell \'80 _________\cell _____________\cell \uc0\u9744  Paid\cell\row
\intbl Running Costs\cell ~\'80 50.00\cell 1st of month\cell \uc0\u9744  Paid\cell\row
\par

\pard\qc\b\fs28 EXHIBIT B: GTM SYSTEM MVP SPECIFICATIONS\b0\fs24\par
\par
\pard\ql\fs22 The Minimum Viable Product shall include:\par
\par
\trowd\cellx3500\cellx7500\cellx9500
\intbl\b Feature\cell Description\cell Priority\cell\b0\row
\intbl Lead Management\cell Import CSV/Excel, search, filter, tag leads\cell Must Have\cell\row
\intbl Email Campaigns\cell Create, schedule, send bulk personalized emails\cell Must Have\cell\row
\intbl AI Personalization\cell GPT-powered email customization per lead\cell Must Have\cell\row
\intbl Pipeline Dashboard\cell Visual Kanban board for sales stages\cell Must Have\cell\row
\intbl Email Tracking\cell Open and click tracking with analytics\cell Must Have\cell\row
\intbl User Authentication\cell Secure login for Company team members\cell Must Have\cell\row
\intbl Basic Reporting\cell Campaign performance metrics\cell Should Have\cell\row
\par
\pard\qc ____________________________________________________________________________________\par
\par
\pard\qc\b\fs24 \'97 END OF AGREEMENT \'97\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\qc\i\fs18 Document Reference: SA-2024-001 | Prepared December 2024\i0\par
}
